Add fund perks blog post (#879)
godotengine/godot-website: collections/_article/development-fund-perks.md

---
title: "New Dev Fund Perks: Discord Role and Forum Badge"

> excerpt: "We are finally unveiling the new Godot forum which replaces our Q&A platform while unlocking many new features."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: "Proudly display your support on our community platforms."
```

categories: ["news"]
author: Winston Yallow
image: /storage/blog/covers/development-fund-perks.webp
date: 2024-07-10 12:00:00
---

> We have added new benefits for members of the godot development fund! On our forum, a special Badge is now available as a thanks for your continued support. And you can also get a custom role on our new and official [discord server](https://discord.com/invite/7HtykRQ4Rg)! Read the instructions below for connecting your accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have added new benefits for members of the Godot Development Fund! On our official forum, a special badge is now available as a thank you for your continued support. Likewise, you can get a custom role on our brandnew official [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/7HtykRQ4Rg)! Read the instructions below for connecting your accounts.
```

Not a fund member yet? [Subscribe now!](https://fund.godotengine.org/#membership)

## Connecting your accounts

### Forum Badge

> The forum badges are assigned automatically to your Godot account when you become a fund member.

Reviewer: What happens if they don't log in with the same email?

Author: If they have two Godot accounts, then only the one that is used for the fund will have the badge on the forum

Reviewer: Then the text should state that clearly.

Author: Fixed as

> The forum badges are assigned automatically to your Godot account when you become a Development Fund member. Make sure to use the same Godot account on the forum!

Reviewer: Awesome, thanks!

> The forum badges are assigned automatically to your Godot account when you become a fund member.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The forum badges are assigned automatically to your Godot account when you become a Development Fund member.
```

![Badge with a golden Godot logo and the text "Fund Member - Member of the Development Fund", awarded to 47 users](/storage/blog/development-fund-perks/forum-badge.webp)

> Already a fund member but your badge does not show up? Make sure that you have signed in at least once to the [development fund](https://fund.godotengine.org/#membership). It may take up to 24 hours for the badge to appear on the forum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Already a Development Fund member but your badge does not show up? Make sure that you have signed in at least once to the [development fund](https://fund.godotengine.org/#membership). It may take up to 24 hours for the badge to appear on the forum.
```

### Discord Role

> Make sure you are subscribed and logged in to the [development fund](https://fund.godotengine.org/#membership), then follow these instructions:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure you are subscribed and logged in to the [Development Fund](https://fund.godotengine.org/#membership), then follow these instructions:
```

1. Authorize our Discord application by clicking "Connect with Discord":
   <div class="preview-image-container">
      <img alt='Screenshot of the Fund page showing the "Connect with Discord" option' src='/storage/blog/development-fund-perks/fund-website.webp'/>
      <img alt='Screenshot of discord prompt asking for Authorization' src='/storage/blog/development-fund-perks/discord-auth.webp'/>
   </div>

> 2. In the options for our [discord server](https://discord.com/invite/7HtykRQ4Rg), find and select the "Linked Roles" option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the options for our [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/7HtykRQ4Rg), find and select the "Linked Roles" option
```

   <div class="preview-image-container">
      <img alt='Screenshot of discord server menu with "Linked Roles" option' src='/storage/blog/development-fund-perks/discord-menu.webp'/>
   </div>
3. Choose the "Fund Member" role
   ![Screenshot of discord prompt asking for Authorization](/storage/blog/development-fund-perks/discord-select-role.webp)
4. Click "Finish" to complete the process. Without finishing, the role won't show up!
   ![Screenshot of discord prompt asking for Authorization](/storage/blog/development-fund-perks/discord-finish.webp)

## Not ready to become a member yet?

> While this won't give you a fancy badge or role, we have recently added the option for one-time donations to our fund. With this update, we also switched to Stripe as our payment provider to offer the option to donate via credit card in addition to PayPal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While this won't give you a fancy badge or role, we have recently added the option for one-time donations. With this update, we also switched to Stripe as our payment provider to offer the option to donate via credit card in addition to PayPal.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For those of you that have been with the project for a long time already, you might remember our [Patreon](patreon.com/godotengine). In case you haven't already, we encourage you to move your donation over to this self-hosted solution, as we receive more of your contributions here without the provider fees. Nonetheless, the page will stay up for the time being and also connect to the Discord mentioned above.

```

> Thank you for supporting Godot!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you for ensuring that we can keep developing the Godot Engine!
```

---
title: "New Dev Fund Perks: Discord Role and Forum Badge"
excerpt: "Proudly display your support on our community platforms."
categories: ["news"]
author: Winston Yallow
image: /storage/blog/covers/development-fund-perks.webp
date: 2024-07-10 12:00:00
---

We have added new benefits for members of the Godot Development Fund! On our official forum, a special badge is now available as a thank you for your continued support. Likewise, you can get a custom role on our brandnew official [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/7HtykRQ4Rg)! Read the instructions below for connecting your accounts.

Not a fund member yet? [Subscribe now!](https://fund.godotengine.org/#membership)

## Connecting your accounts

### Forum Badge

The forum badges are assigned automatically to your Godot account when you become a Development Fund member. Make sure to use the same Godot account on the forum!

![Badge with a golden Godot logo and the text "Fund Member - Member of the Development Fund", awarded to 47 users](/storage/blog/development-fund-perks/forum-badge.webp)

> Already a Development Fund member but your badge does not show up? Make sure that you have signed in at least once to the [development fund](https://fund.godotengine.org/#membership). It may take up to 24 hours for the badge to appear on the forum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Already a Development Fund member but your badge does not show up? Make sure that you have signed in at least once to the [Development Fund](https://fund.godotengine.org/#membership). It may take up to 24 hours for the badge to appear on the forum.
```

      <img alt='Screenshot of discord prompt asking for Authorization' src='/storage/blog/development-fund-perks/discord-auth.webp'/>
   </div>
2. In the options for our [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/7HtykRQ4Rg), find and select the "Linked Roles" option
   <div class="preview-image-container">
      <img alt='Screenshot of discord server menu with "Linked Roles" option' src='/storage/blog/development-fund-perks/discord-menu.webp'/>
   </div>
3. Choose the "Fund Member" role
   ![Screenshot of discord prompt asking for Authorization](/storage/blog/development-fund-perks/discord-select-role.webp)
4. Click "Finish" to complete the process. Without finishing, the role won't show up!
   ![Screenshot of discord prompt asking for Authorization](/storage/blog/development-fund-perks/discord-finish.webp)

## Not ready to become a member yet?

While this won't give you a fancy badge or role, we have recently added the option for one-time donations. With this update, we also switched to Stripe as our payment provider to offer the option to donate via credit card in addition to PayPal.

> For those of you that have been with the project for a long time already, you might remember our [Patreon](patreon.com/godotengine). In case you haven't already, we encourage you to move your donation over to this self-hosted solution, as we receive more of your contributions here without the provider fees. Nonetheless, the page will stay up for the time being and also connect to the Discord mentioned above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For those of you that have been with the project for a long time already, you might remember our [Patreon](patreon.com/godotengine). In case you haven't already, we encourage you to move your donation over to this self-hosted solution, as we receive more of your contributions here without the provider fees. Nonetheless, the page will stay up for the time being and also connect to the Discord mentioned above.
```

---
title: "New Dev Fund Perks: Discord Role and Forum Badge"
excerpt: "Proudly display your support on our community platforms."
categories: ["news"]
author: Winston Yallow
image: /storage/blog/covers/development-fund-perks.webp
date: 2024-07-10 12:00:00
---

> We have added new benefits for members of the Godot Development Fund! On our official forum, a special badge is now available as a thank you for your continued support. Likewise, you can get a custom role on our brandnew official [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/7HtykRQ4Rg)! Read the instructions below for connecting your accounts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
We have added new benefits for members of the Godot Development Fund! On our official forum, a special badge is now available as a thank you for your continued support. Likewise, you can get a custom role on our brand new official [Discord server](https://discord.com/invite/7HtykRQ4Rg)! Read the instructions below for connecting your accounts.
```
